Adding organization section (#29796)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/server_admin/topics/organizations/intro.adoc

[role="_abstract"]

> When integrating to third-parties like customers or business partners, you might want to manage their identities separately from others in your realm and also
> provide a different user experience to their users when authenticating or authorizing to a realm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When integrating third party users associated with customers or business partners, you might want to manage their identities separately from other users in your realm and also
provide a different user experience to their users when authenticating or authorizing to a realm.
```

By doing so, an administrator can start building a unified and secure experience throughout their business ecosystem and manage how users and clients
from third-parties can interact with a realm.

In a realm, an *organization* represents these third-parties so that a realm or an organization administrator can manage
the entire lifecycle of its members and how they authenticate and authorize to a realm. It is the entry point to
start leveraging the IAM capabilities of {project_name} to also address Business-to-Business (B2B) use cases.

An organization is a context where specific parts of the realm are put under the same umbrella. It creates
a logical separation between the identities at the realm and organization levels to provide a different user and security
experience depending on the integration requirements.

> {project_name} Organizations is a technology preview feature that allows managing organizations within a realm by providing the following capabilities:
> 
> * Managing Organizations
> * Managing Organization Members
> * Managing Identity Providers
> * Onboarding and Authenticating Organization Members through an Identity Provider
> * Onboarding Organization Members through an Invitation Link
> * Onboarding Existing Users as an Organization Member
> * Authenticating Organization Members
> * Authorizing Organization Members

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: This list of actions is visible in the table of contents.
